#summary Getting Started.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Getting Started =

== Getting the JARs ==

If you are using Maven then follow the [Maven maven] directions to add a dependency.  Otherwise, [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/lib/ download prebuilt jars] or [http://code.google.com/p/owasp-java-html-sanitizer/source/checkout checkout] and build the latest source.

Unless maven is managing your [http://download.oracle.com/javase/1.3/docs/tooldocs/win32/classpath.html CLASSPATH] for you, you need to add both `owasp-java-html-sanitizer.jar` and the Guava JAR.

Once you have your CLASSPATH set up correctly with the relevant JARs you should be able to add

{{{
import org.owasp.html.HtmlPolicyBuilder;
}}}

to one of your project's `.java` files and compile it.

== Using the APIs ==

The [http://code.google.com/p/owasp-java-html-sanitizer/source/browse/trunk/#trunk%2Fsrc%2Fmain%2Forg%2Fowasp%2Fhtml%2Fexamples examples] include source code which defines a sanitization policy, and applies it to HTML.

The [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/index.html javadoc] covers more detailed topics, including [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/org/owasp/html/HtmlPolicyBuilder.html customization].

Important classes are:

  * [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/org/owasp/html/Sanitizers.html Sanitizers] contains combinable pre-packaged policies.
  * [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/org/owasp/html/HtmlPolicyBuilder.html HtmlPolicyBuilder] lets you easily build custom policies.

For advanced use, see:
  * [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/org/owasp/html/AttributePolicy.html AttributePolicy] and [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/org/owasp/html/ElementPolicy.html ElementPolicy] allow complex customization.
  * [http://owasp-java-html-sanitizer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/distrib/javadoc/org/owasp/html/HtmlStreamEventReceiver.html HtmlStreamEventReceiver] if you don't just want a `String` as output.

== Asking Questions ==

Feel free to post questions at the [http://groups.google.com/group/owasp-java-html-sanitizer-support discussion group] and we'll do our best to help.